Add asset-transfer-api docs (#16)
papermoonio/polkadot-ecosystem-docs-draft: docs/build-on-polkadot/xcm/asset-transfer-api.md

By using this API, developers can manage asset transfers more efficiently, reducing the complexity associated with cross-chain transactions and enabling smoother operations within the ecosystem.

For additional support and information, please reach out through [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/paritytech/asset-transfer-api/issues){target=_blank}.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/){target=_blank} (recommended version 21 or greater)
- Package manager - [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/){target=_blank} should be installed with Node.js by default. Alternatively, you can use other package managers like [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/){target=_blank}

## Install Asset Transfer API

To use `asset-transfer-api`, you need a JavaScript project. If you don't have one, you can create a new one:

1. Create a new directory for your project:
    ```bash
    mkdir my-asset-transfer-project \
    && cd my-asset-transfer-project
    ```

2. Initialize a new project:
    ```bash
    npm init -y
    ```

> Once you have a project set up, you can install the asset-transfer-api package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a project set up, you can install the `asset-transfer-api` package:
```

```bash
npm install @substrate/asset-transfer-api@{{build_on_polkadot.xcm.asset_transfer_api.version}}
```

!!!note
    This documentation covers version `{{build_on_polkadot.xcm.asset_transfer_api.version}}` of Asset Transfer API.

## Set Up Asset Transfer API

To initialize the Asset Transfer API, you need three key components:

- A Polkadot.js API instance
- The `specName` of the chain
- The XCM version to use

<!-- You can set up the API in two ways. Choose the option that best fits your project's structure and requirements. Both methods will result in a fully initialized AssetTransferApi instance ready for use:

### Using an Existing Polkadot.js API

If you already have an initialized Polkadot.js API instance, you can use it to set up the Asset Transfer API:

```javascript
// Assuming 'api' is your initialized Polkadot.js API instance
const { specName } = await api.rpc.state.getRuntimeVersion();
const safeXcmVersion = await fetchSafeXcmVersion(api);

const assetsApi = new AssetTransferApi(api, specName, safeXcmVersion);
```
-->

### Using helper function from library

> For a simpler setup process, you can leverage the `constructApiPromise` helper function provided by the library. 

Reviewer: I'd like to add a concise sentence that provides further information about this helper, like explaining what it does actually or why we take advantage of it

<!-- This method automatically initializes the Polkadot.js API, retrieves the specName, and determines the safe XCM version. -->

```javascript
import { AssetTransferApi, constructApiPromise } from '@substrate/asset-transfer-api';

async function main() {
    const { api, specName, safeXcmVersion } = await constructApiPromise('<INSERT_WEBSOCKET_URL>');

    const assetsApi = new AssetTransferApi(api, specName, safeXcmVersion);

    // Your code using assetsApi goes here
}

main();
```

!!!note

>     The code examples are enclosed in an async main function to provide the necessary asynchronous context. However, if you're already working within an async environment, you can use the code directly. The key is to ensure you're in an async context when working with these asynchronous operations, regardless of your specific setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The code examples are enclosed in an async main function to provide the necessary asynchronous context. However, you can use the code directly if you’re already working within an async environment. The key is to ensure you're in an async context when working with these asynchronous operations, regardless of your specific setup.
```

## Asset Transfer API Overview

> The AssetTransferApi provides a powerful method for cross-chain asset transfers: `createTransferTransaction`. This function allows you to create XCM transactions for transferring assets or native tokens between different chains.
> This method takes several parameters to specify the details of the transfer, including the destination chain, recipient address, assets to be transferred, their amounts and an optional parameter for further customization. It is able to infer what kind of transaction is necessary given the inputs. When sending cross-chain transfers, the API performs extensive validation to ensure the inputs are valid, and the assets either exist or don't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AssetTransferApi provides a powerful method for cross-chain asset transfers: `createTransferTransaction`. This function allows you to create XCM transactions to transfer assets or native tokens between different chains. 
This method takes several parameters to specify the transfer details, including the destination chain, recipient address, assets to be transferred, and their amounts, as well as an optional parameter for further customization. It can infer what kind of transaction is necessary given the inputs. When sending cross-chain transfers, the API performs extensive validation to ensure the inputs are valid and the assets either exist or don't.
```

!!! note
	The `createTransferTransaction` function is designed to be a utility that simplifies the creation of the transaction. It does not sign or submit the created transaction on the blockchain. It simply generates the transaction in the requested format (e.g., payload, call, or submittable). After obtaining the transaction from the `createTransferTransaction` function, you will need to handle the signing and submission process separately.

```javascript
public async createTransferTransaction<T extends Format>(
  destChainId: string,
  destAddr: string,
  assetIds: string[],
  amounts: string[],
  opts: TransferArgsOpts<T> = {},
): Promise<TxResult<T>>
```

### Parameters

- `destChainId` ++"string"++ - ID of the destination chain ('0' for Relay chain, other values for parachains)
- `destAddr` ++"string"++ - Address of the recipient account on the destination chain
- `assetIds` ++"string[]"++ - Array of asset identifiers to be transferred
  

>   If a token or assetId is provided as input, the API will resolve to using the `tokens` pallet. When no asset is passed in, the API will default to using the `balances` pallet.

Reviewer: On the Asset Hub overview, if I'm not referring to something explicitly typed on js or ts, I'm using the standard `asset ID` or `asset IDs`. Maybe we should agree on which form we are gonna use throughout the website so it's consistent (again, I'm referring to those situations where we are NOT talking about the code directly)

Author: You are right about this. I will replace it with asset ID/s

```javascript
import {
  AssetTransferApi,
  constructApiPromise,
} from "@substrate/asset-transfer-api";

async function main() {
  const { api, specName, safeXcmVersion } = await constructApiPromise(
    "wss://westend-rpc.polkadot.io"
  );
  const assetApi = new AssetTransferApi(api, specName, safeXcmVersion);
  let callInfo;
  try {
    callInfo = await assetApi.createTransferTransaction(
      "1000",
      "5EWNeodpcQ6iYibJ3jmWVe85nsok1EDG8Kk3aFg8ZzpfY1qX",
      ["WND"],
      ["1000000000000"],
      {
        format: "call",
        xcmVersion: safeXcmVersion,
      }
    );

    console.log(`Call data:\n${JSON.stringify(callInfo, null, 4)}`);
  } catch (e) {
    console.error(e);
    throw Error(e as string);
  }

  const decoded = assetApi.decodeExtrinsic(callInfo.tx, "call");
  console.log(
    `\nDecoded tx:\n ${JSON.stringify(JSON.parse(decoded), null, 4)}`
  );
}

main()
  .catch((err) => console.error(err))
  .finally(() => process.exit());
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe it's worth adding a small sentence to introduce the following terminal output, such as: "The script execution will prompt the following on your terminal..."

```javascript
import {
  AssetTransferApi,
  constructApiPromise,
} from "@substrate/asset-transfer-api";

async function main() {
  const { api, specName, safeXcmVersion } = await constructApiPromise(
    "wss://wss.api.moonbeam.network"
  );
  const assetApi = new AssetTransferApi(api, specName, safeXcmVersion);

  let callInfo;
  try {
    callInfo = await assetApi.createTransferTransaction(
      "2004",
      "0xF977814e90dA44bFA03b6295A0616a897441aceC",
      [],
      ["1000000000000000000"],
      {
        format: "call",
        keepAlive: true,
      }
    );

    console.log(`Call data:\n${JSON.stringify(callInfo, null, 4)}`);
  } catch (e) {
    console.error(e);
    throw Error(e as string);
  }

  const decoded = assetApi.decodeExtrinsic(callInfo.tx, "call");
  console.log(
    `\nDecoded tx:\n ${JSON.stringify(JSON.parse(decoded), null, 4)}`
  );
}

main()
  .catch((err) => console.error(err))
  .finally(() => process.exit());
```

> <div id="termynal" data-termynal>

Reviewer: Same as above

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/){target=_blank} (recommended version 21 or greater)
- Package manager - [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/){target=_blank} should be installed with Node.js by default. Alternatively, you can use other package managers like [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/){target=_blank}

## Install Asset Transfer API

To use `asset-transfer-api`, you need a JavaScript project. If you don't have one, you can create a new one:

1. Create a new directory for your project:
    ```bash
    mkdir my-asset-transfer-project \
    && cd my-asset-transfer-project
    ```

2. Initialize a new project:
    ```bash
    npm init -y
    ```

Once you have a project set up, you can install the `asset-transfer-api` package:

```bash
npm install @substrate/asset-transfer-api@{{build_on_polkadot.xcm.asset_transfer_api.version}}
```

!!!note
    This documentation covers version `{{build_on_polkadot.xcm.asset_transfer_api.version}}` of Asset Transfer API.

## Set Up Asset Transfer API

To initialize the Asset Transfer API, you need three key components:

- A Polkadot.js API instance
- The `specName` of the chain
- The XCM version to use

> <!-- You can set up the API in two ways. Choose the option that best fits your project's structure and requirements. Both methods will result in a fully initialized AssetTransferApi instance ready for use:

Author: Yeah, I wrote the documentation for this section but then realized that there's a function I need to use that they are not exporting, so I'll get in touch with them or even open a PR to fix this
